This first lesson is about how this course is organized and what you need and need to know to get the
most out of it.
Each section of the course covers a particular topic related to WordPress website development, and
some topics extend to more than one section.
If you already have experience in a particular area of WordPress website development, feel free to
skip around.
However, I've done my best to organize the sections into logical steps where one skill you learn builds
from one section into the next.
Each section does make more sense when viewed from start to finish, but you can use the lesson titles
to go back and reference a particular topic or segment.
You only need a computer and a browser to do everything in the course, and I suggest you use Chrome,
Firefox or Firefox Developer Edition to get the best experience as you create websites.
There's a resources page at leverage WP dot com slash resources, where I shared links and references
to all the tools, plugins, themes and helpful resources I recommend and refer to in the course.
I keep that updated and current at all times, so feel free to bookmark it in your browser and refer
to it when looking for help about any WordPress topic.
In the course where it makes sense, I include a written supplement to the video lessons to make it
easier for you to find external resources or as a reference document to be able to help you find information
again in the future.
There are a few tools I'll introduce along the way that are helpful, like an FTP program for transferring
files to and from a web server to your own computer.
Image editing software like Photoshop, for example, a program for installing WordPress on your own
computer called local, and a code editing program like Adam.
Most are free, and no paid software is required for you to complete everything in the course.
Let's get to it.